Update migrate-rancher-to-new-cluster.md (#1007)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/backup-restore-and-disaster-recovery/migrate-rancher-to-new-cluster.md

If you are migrating Rancher to a new Kubernetes cluster, you don't need to install Rancher on the new cluster first. If Rancher is restored to a new cluster with Rancher already installed, it can cause problems.

### Prerequisites

> These instructions assume that you have [created a backup](back-up-rancher.md) and you have already installed a new Kubernetes cluster where Rancher will be deployed. The backup is specific to the Rancher application and can only migrate the Rancher application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These instructions assume that you have [created a backup](back-up-rancher.md) and  already installed a new Kubernetes cluster where Rancher will be deployed. The backup is specific to the Rancher application and can only migrate the Rancher application. 
```

> These instructions assume you have [created a backup](back-up-rancher.md) and you have already installed a new Kubernetes cluster where Rancher will be deployed. The backup that is taken is specific to the Rancher application and can only migrate the Rancher application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These instructions assume that you have [created a backup](back-up-rancher.md) and you have already installed a new Kubernetes cluster where Rancher will be deployed. The backup is specific to the Rancher application and can only migrate the Rancher application. 
```

Rancher version must be v2.5.0 and up

> Rancher can be installed on any Kubernetes cluster, including hosted Kubernetes clusters such as Amazon EKS clusters. For help installing Kubernetes, refer to the documentation of the Kubernetes distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rancher can be installed on any Kubernetes cluster, including hosted Kubernetes clusters such as Amazon EKS clusters. For help installing Kubernetes, refer to the documentation of the Kubernetes distribution. One of Rancher's Kubernetes distributions may also be used:

- [RKE Kubernetes installation docs](https://rancher.com/docs/rke/latest/en/installation/)
- [K3s Kubernetes installation docs](https://rancher.com/docs/k3s/latest/en/installation/)
```

> Since Rancher can be installed on any Kubernetes cluster, you can use this backup and restore method to migrate Rancher from one Kubernetes cluster to any other Kubernetes cluster. This method *only* migrates Rancher-related resources and won't affect other applications on the cluster. Refer to the [support matrix](https://www.suse.com/lifecycle/) to identify which Kubernetes cluster types and versions are supported for your Rancher version. 

Reviewer 2: If the dates on the /lifecycle page aren't relevant, we should link directly to the support matrix page to reduce the pages the user needs to navigate to. In that case, we can also link to the associated matrix for each version of the docs.

Author: The support matrix is per Rancher Manager version, so we can't link directly to any specific version..

Reviewer 2: For my first point I meant linking to https://www.suse.com/suse-rancher/support-matrix/all-supported-versions rather than adding another hop through https://www.suse.com/lifecycle/ and having the user try and find the matrix link. 

For my second point, the matrix link on https://www.suse.com/lifecycle/ goes to the 2.7.0 matrix (due to the constraint you mentioned). Within our docs we have different versions of this page so:

- On the v2.5 version of this page the current link takes users to the 2.7.0 matrix. My suggestion is to use https://www.suse.com/suse-rancher/support-matrix/all-supported-versions/rancher-v2-5-0/ (or the most recent 2.5) for the v2.5 version of this page so the link takes users to the general 2.5 area of the matrix page.
- Similarly the v2.6 version of this page the current link takes users to the 2.7.0 matrix. Similarly using https://www.suse.com/suse-rancher/support-matrix/all-supported-versions/rancher-v2-6-0/ (or the most recent 2.6) for the v2.6 version of this page so the link takes users to the general 2.6 area of the matrix page.

Rancher version must be v2.5.0 and up

> Since Rancher can be installed on any Kubernetes cluster, Rancher can be migrated from any Kubernetes cluster to another Kubernetes cluster using this backup and restore method. This method will only migrate the resources related to the Rancher application and no other applications on the Kubernetes cluster. Please refer to the [support matrix](https://www.suse.com/lifecycle/) to identify which Kubernetes cluster types and versions are supported for the Rancher version that you are restoring. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rancher can be installed on any Kubernetes cluster. You can use this backup and restore method to migrate Rancher from a Kubernetes cluster to any other Kubernetes cluster. This method *only* migrates Rancher-related resources and won't affect other applications on the cluster. Refer to the [support matrix](https://www.suse.com/lifecycle/) to identify which Kubernetes cluster types and versions are supported for your Rancher version. 
```
